dug the hole you can read between the
three wait a red hoodie put your right
foot up you put your red foot in and
shake it up okay we'll see the problem
is that like if they went a narrower the
whole way there would be easy but they
have haha I think that's why we should
have done you in there but I am like a
wider hips and waist like you know look
at my hourglass if you get my cell phone
it's in her pocket no not on my chair by
the fire you win here go ahead I was
joking go closer she has something in
your eye so I can you guys hurry up this
movie's gonna be one of us needs to get
out first yeah there are you the dogs
computer hahaha oh my god doggies
yamashita Batman perhaps I'm not your
machine everything is math really well
yes
you think buster you betcha why are you
hoping move my bible of the fittest
special selection last minute all right
I buried you a lot nicer than I go I did
it we're not dead so you do dude I just
try to help you out yes gonna be fun in
your car showering they're going home
we're going they're going to those guys
gotta hurry up though it's almost been
six minutes Oh camera mommy for girls
hey I just wanna get my back
push this and at least I can push myself
up there are shovels right there why is
nobody using